Crescent moon, how do you have so much money?
silly
Don't be fooled by him.
He is at home, please.
Not to mention the million-dollar bride price
Even if you take out 10,000
He has to sell his blood
Humph dad
He wouldn't lie to me.
Lord Long, you can see by looking at your mobile phone yourself.
Ok I'll let you know now
There's no good end to bragging
You actually transferred my account 1 million
Yuyao, you really didn't lie to me.
You are really rich
Yeah, I'll give you a good life later
I will never let you go out on the street to sell breakfast with me again
Now.
Just 1 million want my daughter to have a good life
I bah
There is no way I will let my daughter marry you
Dad, didn't you promise me to go back on your word?
I want to marry my daughter Jiang Hailong
That's not enough.
easy
How much dowry does it take to marry you with my dream?
10 million at least 10 million lottery
The million bride price has been credited to your account.
You are so funny
Longan
Now I can take it to work
10 million is a lot.
If you have the ability, take it.
Take it to run 1 billion
Agricultural 1 billion bride price has been credited to your account